Dear World:

亲爱的世界：

My son starts school today.

我的儿子今天就要开始上学读书了。

It's going to be strange and new to him for a while, and I wish you would sort of treat him gently.

一时之间，他会感觉陌生而又新鲜。我希望你能待他温柔一些。

You see, up to now, he's been king of the roost.

你明白，到现在为止，他一直是家中的小皇帝。

He's been boss of the backyard.

一直是后院的王者。

I have always been around to repair his wounds, and to soothe his feelings.

我一直在他身旁，忙着为他治疗伤口，哄他开心。

But now--things are going to be different.

但是现在--一切都将不同了。

This morning, he's going to walk down the front steps, wave his hand and start on his great adventure that will probably include wars and tragedy and sorrow.

今天清晨，他就要走下前门的楼梯，冲我挥手，然后开始他的伟大的历险征程，其间或许有争斗、不幸以及伤痛。

To live his life in the world he has to live in will require faith and love and courage.

既然活在这个世上，他就需要信念、爱心和勇气。

So, World, I wish you would sort of take him by his young hand and teach him the things he will have to know.

所以，世界啊，我希望你能够时不时握住他稚嫩的小手，传授他所应当知晓的事情。

Teach him - but gently, if you can.

教育他吧--而如果可能的话，温柔一些。

Teach him that for every scoundrel there is a hero; that for every crooked politician there is a dedicated leader; that for every enemy there is a friend.

教他知道，每有恶人之地，必有豪杰所在；每有奸诈小人，必有献身义士；每见一敌人，必有一友在侧。

Teach him the wonders of books.

教他感受书本的神奇魅力。

Give him quiet time to ponder the eternal mystery of birds in the sky, bees in the sun, and flowers on the green hill.

给他时间静思大自然中亘古绵传之奥秘：空中的飞鸟，日光里的蜜蜂，青山上的簇簇繁花。

Teach him it is far more honorable to fail than to cheat.

教他知道，失败远比欺骗更为光荣。

Teach him to have faith in his own ideas, even if everyone tells him they are wrong.

教他坚定自我的信念，哪怕人人予以否认。

Teach him to sell his brawn and brains to the highest bidder, but never to put a price on his heart and soul.

教他可以最高价付出自己的精力和智慧，但绝不可出卖良心和灵魂。

Teach him to close his ears to a howling mob...and to stand and fight if he thinks he's right.

教他置暴徒的喧嚣于度外……并在自觉正确之时挺身而战。

Teach him gently, World, but don't coddle him, because only the test of fire makes fine steel.

温柔地教导他吧，世界，但是不要放纵他，因为只有烈火的考验才能炼出真钢。

This is a big order, World, but see what you can do.

这一要求甚高，世界，但是请尽你所能。

He's such a nice little fellow.

他是一个如此可爱的小家伙。